well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so it has been eight days
since the president's fateful decision
and we're seeing the fallout so we're
going to talk about the fallout from his
decision and then we're going to talk
about fallout because I mean that's
something we have to talk about now it
started when the President of the United
States moved a small number of u.s.
forces out of the way to a different
location in Syria so Turkey could invade
how it started that started with air
operations followed shortly by ground
operations with Turkish backed militants
committing atrocities on the side of the
road this drove the Kurds firmly into
the arms of Russia who was waiting with
open arms because they are the most
powerful non-state actor in the Middle
East they will remain in Russia's arms
for decades to come
Russian and Syrian troops quickly
advanced to fill that power vacuum into
what positions that were held by US
forces happens so quickly it's almost
like they knew it was coming is staged a
series of jail breaks to get their
comrades out and they are probably now
stronger than when President Trump took
office US forces have almost been hit by
artillery fired by a NATO ally the air
force is reportedly scrambling to try to
get 50 B 60 ones out of Incirlik Air
Force Base B 60 ones are nuclear weapons
who ever talked to the press about this
from the White House needs to be fired
this should not have been talked about
until they were removed they should have
been removed the moment the Turkish
president indicated interest in
obtaining his own weapons most people
thought they had been removed in the day
it was a show like they were still there
but I guess not the fact that this was
discussed before they were removed
illustrates why you don't override the
counterintelligence guys when they say
hey this person doesn't need a security
clearance because if you look at this
situation from the Turkish perspective
now they are facing EU sanctions they're
facing US sanctions they have no allies
outside of NATO and their position in
NATO is not exactly secure anymore
however they could become a superpower
by over running one US base within their
territory what is a b61 it is a variable
yield device in English that means it's
adjustable you can tell it how powerful
to be it can range anywhere from a third
of a kiloton to 340 kilotons to give you
an idea of what we'll do we will use 300
kilotons because the math is easy it's
not the top end but it's pretty close
creates a fireball that is 200 million
degrees and a mile wide at the edge of
that mile concrete is literally melting
the winds from the blast are 750 miles
an hour think of that in relation to a
hurricane with a hundred mile an hour
winds only it's seven and a half times
stronger and the Hurricanes on fire
at three miles how clothing will burst
into flames creates a lethal environment
that is roughly 50 to 60
miles another good point of reference
would be her Oshima that was a 15
kilotons device this has the capability
of delivering 340 it does not need a
missile it can be delivered by any plane
with some pretty simple modifications
make America great right at least now we
have a time frame a reference now we
know when they're talking about 1950s
and 60s when everybody was in bomb
shelters because if these devices get
out that's what's gonna happen we're
gonna be back in that situation and as
the president undermines well everything
Republicans in Congress are silent
saying nothing because they are
terrified of the president's Twitter
wrath and they have forgotten that
they're supposed to be leading a country
as a co-equal branch of government
they're not just supposed to be the guys
that go out to defend the president's
stupid decisions
this will go down as the worst foreign
policy decision in American history it
will have effects for decades to come
and it is spitting on the grave of every
US soldier who died in the last 15 years
over there because all of this will
spread if it is not immediately
contained everything everything that
happened over there will have been for
nothing
it started as something bad but there
were little bits of good that came out
of it and all of that's going to be
undone all because the president would
not listen to people that knew more than
him I would strongly suggest the next
time we elect a president we don't
choose a failed reality TV star with an
ego that can't accept the fact that he
doesn't know everything
this is what mattis warned everybody
about this is why he left this is a
horrible decision and it will get worse
if it is not immediately contained and
the president of the United States is
not up to the task
he has shown that and the Turkish
president has said he will not meet with
vice president pets
only president Trump because now because
of the president's weakness that he
showed on the phone the Turkish
president believes he has the upper hand
and he does anyway it's just a fault
y'all try to have a good day